[Music]
hey as what is that so this was me
yesterday and this is me
today I am in freakin bullies and is the
first day of the ventures here so good
meeting all the people who I'm on this
trip with like 30 awesome 20 year old
homies and can be a good day those are
the books that we are gone go on and
apparently their speedboat we're headed
through these lam and I ruined for
staying at this cool like hotel on the
edge of the pond and it's so peaceful
and nice out here when I left New York
it was crazy
snowing so I landed here it was like 80
degrees it was just it was everything
there we go
loading up on the booth
we're going to be going really
rude
oh my god arrives the archaeologist was
dr. David Pendergast when he surveying
the area of laminae we've arrived at the
first temple pretty rad apparently this
is one of the smaller ones but des
please I'm going to be climbing all of
them get my workout in and I right cool
how I hear is kind of hot let's go climb
here we go
[Music]
this symbol is four times the size of
the last one I just went up it's 33
meters oh it's tall is it going to tell
you look like Tim Tebow Hey yeah thank
you gonna be in your video yes Tim Tebow
is Alex all right Oh Adam Adam
that's little bit Adam aka Tim Kiva wow
this is pretty rad all right we made it
to the very top and holy cow
[Music]
yeah I guess is there monkey whoa whoa
calm yo sails second hotel now it was so
fun climbing up me ancient Mayan ruins
good thing I have I brought my drone but
I did not have time to practice or do
anything with it at all in New York City
so I'm going to take a little bit of
time that I have now down time try to
learn how to use it
because I don't know and I don't need to
be like practicing over people so I feel
like right now is a good time let me
have a flash or her lasers
I killed anyone yet it's up in the air
first take off it was a success now I
just got to learn how to like do like
fly it well
[Music]
mommy's over there playing volleyball
some people are chilling on a deck at
our hotel I just finished my first
flight with you DJI Matic Pro and it was
actually surprisingly easy to fly and
maneuver there's still some intricacies
of it that I don't necessarily
understand like the special fly modes
and stuff that's what I'm going to go
and try to work on so I can become a
grow a master but the thing is I have
only flown one other drone before it's
like six months ago if you guys watched
ed Forbes
I tried his phantom mouse but all I did
was like go up and down with that I only
flew for like 60 seconds and that was
really intimidating maybe because it was
someone else's drone and having the
pressure of like not crashing that but
this was so easy the tap to fly option
where you just have to button and it
automatically comes back when you take
off take the pressure off of landing it
wow that was just extremely easy that's
on first day and a half Tim Tebow's
today was pretty good over here
but first day and a half amazing
unbelievable incredible and I believe
mom I was tomorrow tomorrow is she wants
to be are you saying about that since
you excited about that I'm gonna mess up
again
why are you camera shy you're your
mystery personality I don't know I can't
see DS lining the Sun is trying out of
the clouds it's beautiful it's beautiful
so tomorrow we are headed to just a
beach headed to the islands and there
will be lots of chillin ok or y'all most
excited about on this trip as a whole
taking your clothes off ya go to the
beach right oh I accidentally got a you
mind in a video I thought you'd like
more what are you most looking forward
to taking my clothes off I was going
snorkeling who I forgot about snorkeling
yeah have you ever struggled before you
know what I really have enough
a condom challenge I've never been
sparkling I've never done anything like
that some pop forest
we're now on on Islands we traveled here
yesterday via speedboat it took about
like an hour I sound kind of weird to
them all nasally I got sick yesterday
which was a bummer
no it's snorkeling Sasori well I am
actually shooting a ton of stuff for one
big Belize video the president wanted
just like Non Blondes from here but
that's why you are going to have to wait
for the fake police video to see some of
the really really good stuff but yeah
this place is beautiful I just you know
I would have to capture all the things
at all the time now to go along with the
theme of this video I think it's time to
take out the drone for the second time
ah the first time it was like perfect
conditions
it wasn't windy at all and it's done
it's just a little bit more windy since
we're here on the island oh my gosh the
views are so insane so I feel like I
have to take it up so don't worry I'm
looking forward to seamlessly working in
this trim footage and so my videos every
single video isn't going to be like
let's go here to capture some drone
content because I get a little little
annoying
[Music]
so overall the GTI Matic pro has been so
easy to learn how to use I've gotten a
lot of questions people are like on the
edge to buy I had no experience going
into this before and I already feel
pretty confident so I think it is a
great drone to start out with and also
it has like the next level image so if
you can apply to get amazing image out
of it I don't know it's pretty good I
mean how did you like this video so
prosper the drone footage flew and
believes I'm so straight and then until
next time stay peachy ok Spice bottle
ever Ohio water bottle bottle put that
bottle with it I'll put it actually yeah
alright here we go
oh yeah this is Alex okay do it on here
dude on here blend it